Now Brother Ye has also lost his memory
No one knows who the real CEO's wife is
As long as I get rid of him
Then it's all mine
Blame you for blocking mine
Dead old woman
He scolded me so many times
You should compensate me this time.
The old lady is about to return home
If you have any concerns
You can go to Nanshan Yipin Sea View Villa first.
This is the birthday present the president prepared for you before.
Now you also know the situation of the president
I'll hand over the moon group robe to my wife first
Please don't worry about Mrs.
bystander
Want to find out
You should leave the ten-point place of Nangong's house first
Humph
You shameless little three
I actually lived in the house
Take your stuff and get out of here. I'm not
Although I am not satisfied with this daughter-in-law
But I hate you more
The mistress who destroys someone else's family
Su Yiyi, this is my brother's mother
Give me back your bumpkin
How could there be such a valuable thing?
It must be stealing from the Nangong family
This is what my mom left me
It has nothing to do with the Nangong family
What can you do to prove that it's yours?
Don't try to steal something
Choreographed your mother to death
Then your mother is really dying, right?
Dare to insult my mother again
It's not that simple.
Ah my grandson